hey this is Jessica with yellow devil
gear exchange and this is our
consignment pick of the day the dainese
delta pro leather pants if you're
looking for really comfortable a
high-performance street or track pant
this is an awesome choice rsrs i 0 54
should fit away sighs about 38 inches
and you do have a little bit of
adjustability in the waist with these
velcro tabs these are made of a
beautiful high-quality Italian cowhide
you have large perforated sections which
is going to give you great airflow in
warmer days or if you're sweating it out
at the track and you have these s one
stretch panels in the inner thighs
behind the knee all the way down the
calf it's going to give you greater
comfort when you're in the riding
position because it gives you an
ergonomic fit also flows airs so these
will help keep it cool too on those
warmer days and inside you have a
sanitized mesh lining my favorite thing
on these pants is the knees I love this
set up inside you bet suit you rated
armor from the knee all the way down to
the shin plus you have on the outside
dual compound pro level sliders but the
best thing is you have extra padding on
the inside of the knee there's a panel
here with extra cushioning and I don't
know about you but when I ride the sport
bikes standards I'm really actively
using my knees against the tank to
control the bike especially in corners
so to me the idea of a little extra
padding there is really appealing
there's also some light padding of the
hips and you have dual reinforcement in
the butt should you go sliding down the
pavement on the back of the calf you
have two zippers longer a zipper which
is what you're going to use to get in
and out of the pants and the shorter one
is actually an expansion panel so this
is great if you happen to have thicker
calves or if you're going to be wearing
these pants over a set of boots like
darnay's A's trq race in boot which is
designed to go underneath the pants and
the last thing is you have reflective
piping on the thighs so that makes these
a little bit better at night on the
street and of course you have pockets
but I'm not really not sure how useful
pockets are on high performance sport
pants so anyway you know if you can find
a use for him good for you these guys
retail for 499 95 ours are in excellent
shape they just have a little bit of a
few specs alike road dirt on them we're
asking 325 books you can find them in
the men's pants section on our website
yellow devil
calm if you don't see them in the web
store that means these sold
you